# weather-prediction
Purpose of this project is to predict the temperature using different algorithms like linear regression, random forest regression, and Decision tree regression. The output value should be numerically based on multiple extra factors like maximum temperature, minimum temperature, cloud cover, humidity, and sun hours in a day, precipitation, pressure and wind speed.
##USE OF ALGORITHMS:
There are different methods of foreseeing temperature utilizing Regression and a variety of Functional Regression, in which datasets are utilized to play out the counts and investigation. To Train, the calculations 80% size of information is utilized and 20% size of information is named as a Test set. For Example, if we need to anticipate the temperature of Kanpur, India utilizing these Machine Learning calculations, we will utilize 8 Years of information to prepare the calculations and 2 years of information as a Test dataset. The as opposed to Weather Forecasting utilizing Machine Learning Algorithms which depends essentially on reenactment dependent on Physics and Differential Equations, Artificial Intelligence is additionally utilized for foreseeing temperature: which incorporates models, for example, Linear regression, Decision tree regression, Random forest regression. To finish up, Machine Learning has enormously changed the worldview of Weather estimating with high precision and predictivity. What's more, in the following couple of years greater progression will be made utilizing these advances to precisely foresee the climate to avoid catastrophes like typhoons, Tornados, and Thunderstorms.
